SONAR-24127 Document 2025.1 LTA breaking changes (#622)
SonarSource/helm-chart-sonarqube: charts/sonarqube-dce/README.md

The default login is admin/admin.

## Upgrading to SonarQube Server 2025.1 LTA

> When upgrading to SonarQube 2025.1 LTA from a previous versions, you should read carefully [the official documentation](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube-server/latest/server-upgrade-and-maintenance/upgrade/upgrade-the-server/determine-path/) and determine the right upgrade path based on your current SonarQube Server version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to SonarQube Server 2025.1 LTA from a previous versions, you should read carefully [the official documentation](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube-server/latest/server-upgrade-and-maintenance/upgrade/upgrade-the-server/determine-path/) and determine the right upgrade path based on your current SonarQube Server version.
```

> When upgrading to the latest LTA version, you will experience an important change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to the 2025.1 LTA version, you will experience an important change.
```
